== USGS iCoast

iCoast is a web application designed to facilitate crowd-sourcing of information describing the impact of storms on the coastline.

By visually comparing images of the same location on the coastline pre- and post-storm, users can contribute meaningful data that helps scientists improve predictive models.

== Architecture and Design

=== User Stories

* Admin can upload a data set
* Admin can designate images as pre- or post-storm
* Admin can create, read, update, and delete tags
* Admin can designate tags as enabled/disabled
* User can select a location along the coastline on a map
* User can select next/previous pre- or post-storm image along the coastline
* User can designate a pair of pre- and post-storm images as a match
* User can add/remove any enabled tag to/from the selected post-storm image

=== Route Map

* GET /images
* GET /images/<pre|post>.json
* GET /images/<pre|post>/1.js
* GET /images/nearest_<pre|post>/1.js
* POST /admin/images
* GET /admin/images
* PUT /admin/images/1.js
* DELETE /admin/images/1.js

=== Interaction Design

In order to facilitate the cursor navigation implied by the next/previous action in the user stories, we introduce a position value. This allows the client implementation to be very simple. We track the position for the pre- and post-storm images separately. When the user requests the next image, we increment the position and fetch the new image. This eliminates the need to perform any state management on the server.

When the user wants to see a distant location, we provide a full-screen map control, showing markers for each image in the data set. Clicking on a marker selects the given image, dismisses the map, and shows the pre- and post-storm images for the selected location.
